Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Thank you.
Thank you, gentlemen.
You want me to do this?
No, I got it.
There's a scrape on her leg.
She might've been dragged.
Maybe into the river.
There's an indentation on her cheek.
Make sure you get a picture of that.
She probably wasn't killed here.
Her underwear's missing.
Could you, uh…
get her to the morgue, please?
I got to get to the mother
before the press does.
Thank you very much.
She's all yours.
Make sure you get the cheek.
Thank you.
Detective Sanchez.
What have you told her?
I was waiting until you got here.
Ok. Thank you very much,
ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you.
Who's that man with her?
It's her cousin
Alejandro. He lives here.
Works for the same
family as their gardener.
Ok. Thank you.
Father, please excuse me. Thank you.
Carmen Alvarez?
I'm Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson,
L. A. P. D, Priority Homicide Division.
Do you speak english? Do you
understand what I'm saying?
We found a little girl in
the L. A. river this afternoon,
who we believe to be your daughter.
She's wearing the same
clothes that Marta was wearing
and I think it was her.
No es mi Marta!
Not my Marta!
Based on the level of decomp
and the amount of time
she's been in the water,
I guess she's been dead
between 46 and 52 hours.
So…
We're talking between
2 and 8 p. m. on Monday?
I'm going to start with the rape kit.
Why don't you stand over there and
I can tell you everything I see?
–You'll know everything I know.
–I'm supposed to watch.
All right.
Ok then.
I see a lot of tearing.
You've been waiting
out here the whole time?
Nowhere to go.
Did you have dinner at least?
You kidding?
Cause of death?
Oh, blunt force trauma to the head.
The blow was so strong
that it broke her neck,
but, uh… the lungs were empty.
So she died before she hit the water?
Yeah. And that bruise you
asked about on the cheek,
that happened after death.
There was evidence of sexual assault.
A lot of ripping, a lot of tearing.
Well, she was a virgin.
You can read the report.
DNA?
The L. A. river contaminated her body.
I scraped her nails, I combed her hair,
but there was nothing.
I'll rush the rape kit, but…
I'll hold my breath.
Are you feeling better?
No.
Thanks for asking.
Is there anything else I should know?
There was no evidence of torture.
No evidence of her
being beaten or bound.
Whatever happened to her she
didn't hurt for very long.
I just got here. We're about
to interview the family.
Wow. It's a nice place.
Yeah. I'll keep you posted.
Kids by definition
can be very resilient.
Marta adapted to America very quickly.
When did you meet
them… Marta and Carmen?
3 years ago.
I'm sorry.
Me too.
–Our last housekeeper left.
–She got pregnant.
Alejandro our gardener,
that's Carmen's nephew.
Cousin, mom.
Cousin. That's right. Cousin.
Anyway, he's the one that introduced us.
–They had just gotten here.
–What was her daily routine?
Well, let's see.
Monday through Friday,
Carmen would ride with Marta
on the bus to school.
Excuse me, sweetheart.
And then she would walk back here.
–Have you seen the baggies?
–Yeah.
And then Marta would come directly
home after she got out of her studies.
Thank you.
Look, just so you know,
we pay her on the books,
and that they've always
gotten health insurance, too.
And we never treated them as if
they were anything less than family.
What kind of a monster would do
something like this to a child?
And why can't we protect
our children in this country?
How are we doing here?
We're fine, we're fine.
Are you… are you leaving?
Yeah. Just for the morning.
I'll be at Carnaby's at 2:00.
Deputy…
Chief Johnson. Yes.
Yes. Hart Phillips.
Thank you so much for
everything you're doing here.
I was hoping to get a chance
to talk to you before you left.
Oh. I would love to.
I'm sorry. I have this
morning that I just…
I can't cancel. But anytime
this evening, though.
Yes, I'm here.
I'm here. Just hang on one second.
I have this licensing agreement
that I… it's gotta
be wrapped up by today.
How are you doing, buddy?
You hanging in there?
Yeah, yeah. Kind of. Heh!
We'll talk more tonight.
Yes. Yes, sorry.
Oh, I know. We're all mourning out here.
Yeah, I know. It's horrible stuff.
Listen, I told you, we can
beat the price, all right?
We manufacture in China, all right?
That's what I've been saying.
He would stay if he could.
Really. I know he's just as
upset about this as we are.
I'm sure.
Did you notice anyone
unusual around the house
recently or in the neighborhood?
Did you have any work done on the house?
No.
What is it?
You know, it's probably nothing. Heh!
–What?
–Well…
There was this one guy.
I don't think he's
doing work in the area,
but he always carries a camera.
Oh, god.
What does he look like?
I don't know. Average height.
Dark hair. 30's, maybe?
Could I borrow you for a couple
hours to look at some faces?
Yeah. Yeah, sure.
–Great.
–Of course.
This is your zip code
and these are the sex
offenders who live there.
Talk about know thy neighbor.
Thanks to this website for
tracking down sex offenders,
we were able to narrow
down our search somewhat,
first by the description you gave us
and by the type of offense.
Some of these guys are into boys,
some into much younger girls.
That leaves us with 13 people.
Wait. That guy. Who's he?
I'm looking for a Wayne Mathers.
Yoohoo! Sir, I saw you.
I'm not leaving, sir.
I'm Wayne Mathers.
This is my mother Vera.
We're here about Marta Alvarez.
Of course you are.
This is the fourth time
in 2 months you people
come to my house question my son.
You take a lot of pictures.
I'm a photographer. Am I under arrest?
Why can't you just leave us alone⁈
Mother, stay out of this, please.
Am I under arrest?
You mind showing us
your photographs, Wayne?
You're gonna take them
from me, aren't you?
Or you could bring them downtown,
have a little chat with us.
Can I change my shirt before we go?
Yes, you can.
You people! You people!
Sergeant Gabriel.
Would you please go out the back,
make sure he didn't go out the window?
–Yes, ma'am.
–Thank you.
Ma'am, were you here last Monday
between the hours of 2 and 8 p. m.
–Wayne!
–Shut up! Shut up!
Wayne? What are you doing, Wayne?
What's going on? What's
going on in there?
I'm gonna open the door.
Wayne, I'm opening the door.
Wayne? Wayne?
Oh, shoot.
Chief? Chief?
Oh, my god.
I need 2 units, my location. Code 3.
Shots fired. I repeat, shots fired.
Send paramedics. Oh, my god.
We can't develop Wayne Mathers'
photographs in the usual way
because S. I. D wants to
examine the filmcanisters
for prints and DNA before they're opened
and it's going to take at least
2 days to get a workup on the van,
but we have his computer
and I want that broken down,
and I want to find out how Marta got
into the L. A. river to begin with.
Excuse me, chief.
Yes, lieutenant Provenza.
We do good work here, but you know,
we hardly ever get confessions
out of the dead guys
even when we slap them
around a few times.
So what's the point?
We found Marta but at the present time,
there are 257 other 12-13 year old
missing latina girls in this city.
257 that we know of.
There could be 1000,2000.
Sergeant Gabriel's right, ma'am.
Illegals don't exist in this country.
Which makes them ideal
targets for child molesters.
Anyhow, I want to know if Marta was
the only one that Wayne managed to find.
What?
Well, it's just, you know,
Daniels is away at the
Homeland Security seminar
and you sent lieutenant Flynn
back to Robbery-Homicide.
We're a little short-staffed.
Yes, we're working light, but there
are questions that need answering
before we close up shop.
So if you would, sergeant Gabriel,
get a crew together and
dig up Wayne's backyard.
Make sure that there's nothing
and no one buried there.
Check under the house,
too, and the garage.
I want to find out how she
got that bruise on her cheek.
Lieutenant Provenza, if
you could go to Trinity
and talk to her teachers.
Find out who her friends were.
Let's see if we can figure out
when and where Wayne grabbed her,
remembering the choice of
victim in this kind of crime
is usually based on availability.
Lieutenant Tao, Wayne's computer.
And detective Sanchez, if you could
run these photos by Marta's family.
Thank you very much.
Look, um… I don't like
this kind of investigation
any more than the rest of you,
but I want to go to sleep at night
knowing that we buried the killer
and not his crimes.
Thank you.
I'm trying to find out how the man
who did that to Marta chose her.
Do you recognize any of these
gentlemen around your apartment
or the Phillips' house?
You may have just seen them in passing.
He had a camera. He often took pictures.
No. None of them.
It's my fault.
How? How is it your fault?
Carmen lost her husband.
We come from a very poor family.
She was desperate.
The Phillips were looking
for a new maid fast…
So I talked her into coming.
Fast? How did you manage that?
How did you get them over the border?
–A coyote.
–A what?
A coyote. A professional guy.
Someone who sneaks people
into America from Mexico.
A professional guy?
How much does he charge?
$2,600 per person.
Gosh! That's a lot.
Yes. Yes. Too much.
Who paid for them… Carmen and Marta?
I did. I paid.
So the Phillips needed a new maid,
and at that moment, you just happened
to have $5,000 in your pocket?
Yes. Yes, I paid!
You know what, Alejandro?
I don't believe you.
–I want a lawyer.
–You want a lawyer?
What happens to the citizens
who don't get a lawyer?
Are you running a little
agency on the side?
Selling your relatives, tu
familia, to needy anglos?
All right! Detective Sanchez, sit down.
Sit down. That's enough.
The man took advantage of Marta's
age and her illegal status.
He raped her, murdered her,
and threw her in the L. A. river
just like a piece of garbage,
and I want to know how he did it.
If you know anything that can help me,
I would deeply appreciate it.
Detective Sanchez.
I worry about your temper.
I want to talk to him,
not scare him away.
–Ok.
–But…
Find out what you can about Alejandro.
You can be tougher on
him when we know more.
Thank you very much.
Special delivery.
Is it the escape hatch I ordered?
Nothing from Marta's school
or from the creep's computer
or his backyard or his garage.
So what's the special delivery?
The creep's mama, waiting
for you in your office.
I've got one hell of a
lawsuit against the L. A. P. D
Ma'am, there's no smoking in my office.
I want my son's photos.
Would you like to have a seat, ma'am?
Did you ever see any of them?
Did he ever bring any
of his models home?
My son didn't like taking
pictures of human beings.
He liked taking pictures
of parks, gardens,
stuff like that.
You treated him like he was a terrorist.
We have to monitor sex offenders.
He was not a sex offender!
He was a drunk, ok?
Like all artistic types.
And if you drink and
you probably should,
you've gotta pee.
So once, maybe twice,
he passed out in a park
in front of little kids
with his pants down.
That was it!
Did you ever see this little
girl in any of your son's photos?
Wayne would never hurt a kid.
And why are you so upset
about this kid, anyway?
This wetback…
who's living here off of my tax dollar,
and my son, he was an American,
and this little spic is more
important to you than my Wayne was!
You hounded an innocent man to death!
My little boy. Mine!
No. I not at the house
on Monday afternoons.
I go to whole foods with Mrs Phillips
after she come home from yoga.
Every Monday?
And is anyone else at
the Phillips' house?
Is Alejandro working in the yard?
No. Alejandro, he work twice a week,
Tuesday and fridays.
So who else knows what you do on Monday
besides the Phillips
family and Alejandro?
No one.
I think here is safer than Mexico.
Is better for Marta.
Now I go home to bury her.
Is Alejandro here today to help you?
No. Ms Phillips, she help.
She give me the money.
They come for funeral.
Look. See?
Ms Phillips, she help
Marta get into a school
and Marta, she's so good in school.
My baby, she was so smart.
She tried so hard.
Where did you get this paper?
Uh, I…
have closet at Mrs Phillips'.
Marta always leave her
bag there after school.
Mrs Phillips, she bring it to me
when she bring all the food.
This handout is dated the
day that Marta disappeared.
Carmen, can I have the notebook,
please, and the backpack?
I promise I'll get them back to you.
Thank you. Thank you.
If this backpack made it all the
way back to the Phillips' house,
then Marta did, too.
I think we might need
to call Leslie Phillips
and tell her her house
might be a crime scene.
And I want you to call
S. I. D and tell them
I want Wayne Mathers'
photographs and I want them now.
Yes, ma'am.
–Listen to this.
–Hmm?
Some guy in London, he assigned
monetary values to happiness.
Getting married, he says, is the
equivalent of a $100,000 bonus.
Photos we developed from our
favorite pedophile's house.
You want to attach a monetary
value for sorting through this?
God, no.
Jesus.
You think that horrible man
came into my home and took Marta?
That he attacked her in my house?
Oh, my god.
Can we look around? Do you mind?
Would you sign this consent form?
Anything you need.
Hello? Hey, dad.
No, no. The cops came back.
To search the house. I don't know.
They said Marta could
have been hurt here.
Yeah. Hold on.
Mom, dad wants to talk to you.
Wait, dad. Dad, you're
cutting in and out.
Ok. Mom, dad said he
wants to talk to you.
I heard you the first time.
But he's calling back.
–Mom.
–You get it, Austin.
But…
Hello.
Sergeant Gabriel, does
this picture speak to you?
Yeah. It says someone
might have smashed into it
while falling down the stairs.
So this is where all
the flowers have gone.
So, it's Friday. Where's Alejandro?
He didn't show today.
He came by last night
and spoke to my father.
–Where are they?
–Upstairs.
All right, I don't know what
you're doing in my house.
You caught the guy who did this.
He shot himself.
Actually, we have 2 suspects.
–Who's the other guy?
–Alejandro.
Ok. He doesn't usually do a
lot of gardening in my house.
I'm sorry, I must not have you
people going through my things.
It's upsetting, I know,
but we'll be done soon.
Yeah? Well, I'd like you to leave.
–Right now!
–Sergeant Gabriel!
Ahem! Your wife gave us her consent.
Well, consider your consent revoked!
Let's go.
Marta disappeared around
3:30 on Monday, right?
Well, the time/date
stamp on these azaleas
is between 3:00 and
6:00 on the same day.
–So that raises the question.
–Well, yeah. Yeah.
How can this freak be innocent?
No, your honor, I need a warrant
for the garage, the attic…
All right, then. Put a warrant
out on Alejandro Alvarez.
Gabriel here.
No, your honor, I'm sorry.
Let me be more specific.
I want nothing less
than a telephonic warrant
for the house, the cars, the grounds,
and any other property this family
might possess in the known universe.
Yes, I'll hold.
Lieutenant Provenza needs
to speak with you right now.
Here.
Lieutenant Provenza. Yes?
You're kidding.
Oh, my god. Are the cameras there?
Tell lieutenant Tao to check and see
if the time and date
stamp's been manipulated.
Ok, thank you.
What's up, chief?
Looks like Wayne was photographing
azaleas when Marta was murdered.
–Alejandro's gone.
–What?
Either going back to
Mexico or to Oklahoma.
–Where's Carmen?
–On her way to Mexico.
Oh! Yeah, hold it.
Yes. No, I'm still on hold.
Yes. No, I'm right here.
Yes, your honor?
Thank you, your honor.
Yes, thank you so much.
I've been talking to my family
and I want to do the right thing.
I'm no longer interested
in what you want.
I've got a warrant to search your house.
Is there any place that
you and I can go to talk…
alone.
–We could go downtown.
–Ok, that's fine.
You gonna be here when I get back?
I don't want to spend one
more minute in this house.
Leslie, there is an
explanation for all of this.
I don't want to hear it. I
don't want to hear it, Hart!
We're going to my mother's.
Ma'am, you're gonna have to get a ride
because these cars stay here
until we look through them.
Mina's home. Come on, Austin.
Detective Sanchez, sergeant Gabriel,
if there's anything even remotely
interesting in this house,
I want it in the murder room.
Mr Phillips.
Let's go to work.
Where is Mr Phillips' attorney?
Mr Banks keeps calling
to say that he's close.
Banks. Oh, god.
And he's been close for the
last hour and 48 minutes.
Assistant Chief Pope,
Deputy Chief Johnson.
I'm sorry about the traffic.
Even I don't take 2 hours to get
from Century City to downtown.
Nice to see you again, too, Ms Johnson.
–Shall we?
–Yes, sir, we shall.
I'm just a little bit concerned about…
about how my wife is going to take this.
I mean, I know you might
not understand this,
but I, um…
I love her, ok? Very much.
And I just want to know
if there's any kind of way
that you and I could negotiate
at all how this story comes out
if that's at all possible.
Well, how's this for a start?
If we find anything in your house,
which we are searching right now,
that solidly proves you
committed this murder,
and we do that before
you tell me what happened,
the DA. will charge you
with murder in the first,
and I won't need to hear
anything you have to say,
so the longer you stall, the closer
you get to a lethal injection.
How's that for a deal?
We were sort of having
an affair, Marta and I.
–Hart, don't…
–All right, I need to say this.
Ok. I lost my head for a couple months.
I'm sorry.
We've had young girls
in the house before.
I mean, Austin's
friends, hot housekeepers.
It's never been a problem before.
Really? Your last
housekeeper got pregnant.
Where is she now?
Ok. Uh…
I paid Alejandro to
take her back to Mexico
and I paid him to bring
Carmen and Marta over.
So you've been paying Alejandro
to bring young girls back
and forth across the border.
No, no, no, no, no. It
was just these 2 times.
And Marta was…
–Was a special girl.
–Yeah.
Smart and very mature.
I've seen the photographs.
She looks a lot older than 13.
Exactly. No, exactly.
I mean, I know technically
it can't be considered
a consensual relationship. I know that.
But she wanted me and I wanted her.
Say it. Get it over with.
They always want to explain.
And when was the first time you had sex?
It was last Monday.
Afterwards, she said that she loved me,
and when I didn't reciprocate
or say anything back to her,
she got really upset.
She, uh… I went to hold her,
but she pulled away and…
she slipped on the steps.
This entire thing was
just a complete accident.
Ok.
So why didn't you call an
ambulance or the police?
I panicked, all right?
I wasn't thinking clearly.
She was just completely still.
She was just… she was limp.
So I…
put her in my car, took
her to the L. A. river
and I figured she would
just float away, you know?
Right out to sea.
The autopsy report says she regained
consciousness when she hit the water.
Yeah.
She started screaming…
and I was surprised, but I had
rolled her in from way up on the bank
and I couldn't get down
to her before she drowned.
It was awful.
Mr Banks, if I find out you
have knowingly participated
in delaying this interview…
What the hell was that all about?
Thank you.
I've alerted the DA. they're
sending somebody right over.
Well, you can unalert them,
because Marta Alvarez didn't drown.
She was dead when she hit the water.
Is this about the Alejandro guy?
He's not covering for a gardener.
Yes, sergeant Gabriel.
How long ago did Leslie leave?
Stop what you're doing,
bring the boy's car downtown,
and find me Austin Phillips.
He kept us all sitting here
so he could let his son escape.
Leslie Phillips borrowed
her neighbor's vehicle
and used her credit
card toward a car at LAX.
Spread the number on those
plates around the globe.
And 37 minutes ago,
she checked her home
phone from a 619 area code.
San Diego. Any guesses
where they're heading?
Sea World?
Lieutenant Tao, can you call bor…
I'm calling border patrol right now.
–Chief?
–Yes.
We've got some stuff here you
are gonna want to take a look at.
All right. Let's do it in the office.
The kid went on-line
after killing the girl
and checked out the county
sex offender website himself.
He had Wayne Mathers picked out
we even arrived on the scene.
Oh, good grief.
Plus…
Plus we got this out of
the back of Austin's car.
This end here, it seems
to match up perfectly.
We got S. I. D working
the trunk right now.
Thank you, gentlemen.
I never arrested an attorney
before, but you'll be my first.
I had nothing to do with this.
I only took my time because Hart told me
he needed a couple
hours to compose himself.
You mean compose one hell
of a false confession.
You better convince Austin
to come home, Mr Phillips,
or you and I are gonna
have big problems.
Given my son's age,
given the special circumstance of rape,
the DA. is gonna move
to try him as an adult.
You know that's true.
He'll spend the rest of his
life in jail, without parole.
Mexico won't extradite Austin
unless you agree to try
him as a minor, period.
You can't touch him now.
Congratulations, Mr Phillips.
You've taken exploiting
Mexico to a whole new level.
My son made a terrible mistake,
but he is a juvenile.
If the DA. will recognize that,
I'll see to it that he
returns and serves the maximum.
And walks out of detention when he's 25?
I don't think anyone's
gonna agree to that.
Well, I'm sorry, Ms
Johnson. Those are my terms.
We'll see about that.
If I were you, Mr Phillips,
I would stop worrying about
what we might do to your son
and spend a little time considering
what I'm gonna do to you.
Leslie Phillips used her credit card
to check into a resort in Ensenada.
You've got friends in low places.
Do you mind talking to
the mexican federales,
see if they'll hold them
there so I can talk to Austin?
Mexico will not extradite a
minor to face a life sentence.
I'm planning on having a discussion
with him about coming back to America.
Brenda, eliciting
confessions is one thing.
Convincing a 17-year-old
to leave the beach
for life in prison I think is another.
Maybe I have more faith in
my abilities than you do.
Well, I guess nobody
can blame you for trying.
The federales can be a bit
fickle with the L. A. P. D
These might come in handy if they
decide to stop being cooperative.
Well, thank you.
Leave a better record with the FBI.
Well, I guess you won't
be needing a escort, then.
No, thanks.
I have one.
Thank you.
Where's my lawyer?
Never been to Mexico
before. Kind of cozy.
Where's my lawyer?
You're not in the United States anymore,
so you don't have the right to a lawyer
and you don't have the
right to remain silent.
Austin Phillips, this is special
agent Fritz Howard of the FBI.
Charmed.
You can't arrest me here.
Now why would I want to arrest you?
Your father already
confessed to the murder.
Saved us the aggravation
of a trial, too,
so he'll probably be
spared the death penalty.
I just wanted you to know that
it's ok for you to come home.
Nice try.
Mom spoke to Mr Banks.
We know what's going on.
You can't trick me into anything, ok?
I'm not an idiot.
Well, then, how about a little trade?
You come back to the States and
I won't extradite your mother.
My mom?
When we leave the room,
I'm gonna file this warrant
to the mexican government
against your mother
for aiding and abetting
the flight of a criminal
across international borders.
Then she'll have to serve
a little time in Mexico,
but if she survives that,
she'll go on to spend about
15 years in American prison.
And then there's your father.
What about him?
Well, he made a false confession,
and he helped plan your
escape with your mother,
which makes him an
accessory after the fact
to the rape and murder of Marta Alvarez,
with an obstruction of
justice charge thrown in
just to make sure that he never sees
another day of freedom in his life.
Or you could come home with me.
–You go to hell!
–Hey, sit down!
Mexico won't be much
fun without an allowance.
What are you gonna do
without your parents around
to give you checks and cash?
–There's plenty of money.
–Actually, there isn't.
We've already frozen
your family's assets.
You just try to use an ATM.
No cash, no parents, no hotel.
You know, there's a
significant difference
between visiting a
beach and living on one.
You listen to me.
I'm not leaving, ok?
I'm not leaving. Do you
get that? I'm not leaving.
Whatever you say, whatever
you do, it doesn't matter.
There's nothing you can do
to make me change my mind.
All right, then. Stay,
you little bastard.
All right, look. I
have to close this case.
You tell me the truth about what happened
and I'll let your parents go free.
–Brenda, you can't do that.
–I can.
The FBI might have a problem with that.
We will not bring charges, and
your warrant depends upon ours.
Brenda, think about what you're doing.
Please, Fritz.
This is a mistake.
You tell me the truth
about what happened,
you can sit here and
your parents go free.
And you'll unfreeze the assets?
Yes. I'll unfreeze their assets.
But I want to hear the truth.
I want to hear it.
Are you into little girls?
No. No! I messed around with our
last housekeeper and she was 19.
Marta was into me.
She was always coming into my room,
sitting on my bed, watching me.
Giggling. You know how they are.
And then last week, she told me
she wanted to be my girlfriend.
Did you want to be her boyfriend?
No.
But, you know, she was hot.
And so I explained to her
what it would take to be my girlfriend
and how she could do it.
She was excited by it, ok?
She was looking forward to it and,
I thought, I have a little experience.
A lot of guys don't, you know.
But you ended up hurting her.
I guess.
She said she wanted to stop,
–but…
–But what?
But I told her
that this is what it
meant to be my girlfriend
and that she couldn't go back now
because she'd already agreed to it,
and you know, she couldn't.
And I even tried to talk
her all the way through it.
I tried to help her.
But then, when we got all
done, she got all weird.
–Weird how?
–All quiet and stuff.
But we had to move it.
We were in my father's study
and my mom would be home soon.
And then she started to cry…
So I held her and she pushed me away,
so I told her she had to go.
She had to put her
panties back on and go.
And then she tried to run
and she said that she
was gonna tell everyone
and… and… you know, she fell.
–You pushed her.
–No!
No. No, I didn't…
We were… we were struggling.
I was trying to get her downstairs.
It was an accident.
But it wasn't an accident
that you went on-line to
find a list of sex offenders
to find a pedophile you could blame.
It's not an accident that
Wayne Mathers is now dead
because he couldn't take being
falsely accused one more time,
and it's no accident that you dumped
Marta's body in the L. A. river,
and it's no accident
that we found her DNA
in the trunk of your car,
all of which I have evidence to prove.
Great. Good for you. Now you can leave.
And now you can stay.
My…
spanish is not as good as your english,
but I believe that that
is a birth certificate
for Marta Alvarez, am I right?
–Si, senora.
–Carmen gave it to me.
It shows that Marta was born in Mexico.
Just your bad luck, I guess,
that you sought sanctuary in
the country of your victim,
because, you see, these gentlemen,
they just don't take too kindly
to their citizens being murdered,
no matter where in the world it happens.
And since you killed a mexican national
and you won't come home with me,
you can be tried here for your crime
and spend the next 40
years in a mexican prison.
Gentlemen.
Mom! Mom! Mom, help me!
Help me!
I'll go with her! I'll go
with you! Take me with you!
It's too late, Austin. We
already agreed to everything.
You…
What are you doing?
Where are you taking him?
–Where are you taking him?
–Mom!
Give me back my boy!
Are you ok?
I take it that means I'm driving.
Yes. Thank you.
And you were very, very helpful.
I appreciate it.
I'm just too disgusted.
Why don't you go easy on that stuff?
They say not to drink the water.
Yeah, well, there are
other alternatives.
Maybe we should stay the night.
Maybe we should.
Maybe that's a good idea.
I just have to take
care of one thing first.
–What's that?
–Just a…
Just a little thing.
Hey, it's no problem, chief.
I'll just find their bowls or whatever
and you can just relax about it.
No. I don't think you're trying
to take advantage of anything.
I think you might want to
eat a little something…
and plan on sleeping in tomorrow.
No, no, no. I'll take care of Kitty.
Ok. Yeah.
Oh, ok.
Well, you be careful, ma'am.
I'll be careful, too. Ok. All right.
Bye-bye now.
That is not a litter box!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org